hello there people friends family and
folk all of you today we've got a little
replay on the Jungle the jungle with the
fog which actually I do have a way to uh
remove but I'm an idiot and I haven't
done it as I'm just getting back into
casting oh well we
will put up and shut up in regards to
that we've got cry going to be playing
as the Apothecary here today going with
a pretty typical build here just
starting off with his double Scouts and
his taxs taxs to the mid power onto the
contest on the natural oh dude I'm I'm
not here
hello let's start
again sending his airo to the Natural
power and tax down to the central VP
he's going to be facing off against the
mech Bo Mana 5ifth this is a very
scrawny looking Mech Bo don't you think
whoo getting a little bit of lag here I
don't know he just seems like a I feel
like I could take that Mech boy on I
feel like I could suplex this
[__] he just looks hella
scrawny I think I'm used to that that
skin where he's got all the big armor
and he looks like a a fantasy dwarf I
don't know anyway meeting Scouts is nice
but they're going to chill in the
uncomforable heavy cover over there for
a while but probably going to go into
melee Sluggers over here meeting Scouts
is also not really ideal for the
Sluggers certainly went tax a nearby too
fast shotguns going to be countering the
fast burners here that the Sluggers have
dawned oh they're going to go into melee
I'm surprised the cry is disengaging so
far I would have probably just returned
fire he obviously has the shotguns
coming now but he's quite far away from
the Sluggers he's going to roam in AO
moving over probably already used the
healing did he has you can see the lack
of energy Shooters very wisely here from
TCH Focus firing the scouts not the
apothecary to get a model off them
unsuccessful but likewise the shotgun
Scouts here of cry which did shotgun
blast the the SK the Sluggers of TCH
also not managing to pick up a
model so let's see can we get some
tactical Marine models falling here well
you know ideally just won oh no power of
the airo there you go big heal there on
the TA going to preserve them to fight
another day and now it's going to be the
shooter boys falling AO does have to
retreat out of there with the flanking
Mech boy but combination attacks going
into 50 cuffs with the shooters and then
shotgun Scouts nearby to support is a
bad day for
Shooters so if you're unfamiliar the way
this match up works is you get your
Shooters you kill the enemy Scouts with
your Shooters and then you use your
Slugger boys especially with a burner
cuz they're power melee weapons the
actual burners themselves when you use
them in
melee to kill the attacks from a Space
Marine perspective you hunt down
the the war boss if it was the War Boss
you'd hunt them down with scouts or you
hunt down Slugger boys with your Scouts
you don't really want to be using Mech
boy um you don't want to be fighting the
mech boy with your Scouts that will go
pretty badly for
you you can use something like the ASM
to deal with
that oh meboy just claimed a tactical
Marine damn nice that's great for him
beautiful pickup so Scout's going to
rotate over to help because really this
is taking a very long time I was going
to say and the risk is the mech boy will
simply teleport away and utilize The
Garrison such an annoying hero to deal
with teleporting raged heroes are always
so frustrating to
combat so ASM versus Storm boys pretty
standard stuff here from both players
nothing unusual about
this Mech boy can get the battery pack
which is amazing support for the stor
boys because it gives them a big fat
heal and he because the me boy can
teleport he can actually keep up with
the stor boys after they've do right
into the back lines of the enemy
me uh and likewise it gives them more
energy as well so that's even better
they can start doing double jumps which
is really cool for that Sluggers don't
want to be decapping there they're going
to be bleeding loads t is not paying
attention Okay loses a couple of models
unnecessarily Asm on the side getting
into the shooters shooters probably need
to retreat there's no support for them
they're just going to be bleeding models
actually if you look at the Bol pistol
damage there from the ASM pretty
significant not sure exactly what the
the damage is but it's it's pretty
decent Here Comes an attempted Retreat
grenade looks pretty decent yep claims a
couple of models well worth it that
that's another 50 plus requisition down
for TCH and if you look at the economy
attacks right now he is struggling for
requisition completely bled dry of
requisition does have a better income
than cry mostly because his Pop's a lot
lower at the moment but damn
purification bows as well nasty damage
over time on them might actually claim
this weakened model on the shooters
we'll see
he lives to fight another day keep it in
combat here with the Apothecary he wants
to still stick around he's obviously got
the heal potential on his ASM I'm not
sure what the cool down is for the
purification vals okay he needs to
retreat now though oh no he doesn't
heals the APO and then he's going to
jump backwards with the ASM for the
knock back going to disuade that's an
odd one uses the explosive shot on the
metu rather than the storb I don't
really understand that one storb is
beautiful against CSM because of their
power melee Choppers unlike the standard
melee of the Slugger boys and of course
we you just see the battery pack he
there you go have the Chas of that Lads
and it powered up those storm boys have
a nice big fat heal and then they go
into Mele and deal with the Tactical
Marines whoever said storb are bad you
are a
fool got to use them right they're
tricky cuz they're squishy compared to
things like
ASM but yeah use them properly and they
are very good they very high damage huge
damage potential on these bad boys it's
like flying Hing banshees obviously with
weaker specials cuz they're not 70 M
skill they're only
60 they're still very
strong now one of the weaknesses of this
build for TCH is going to be these
shooters they should be quite helpful
early on to focus fire aost deal with
Scouts but they don't scale very well
into tier
two I mean Scouts don't get any better
either but it's the fact that Scouts are
speed 6.5 really and as you can see
right there Scouts even though the light
infantry and relatively squishy at least
compared to other Space Marine units
they don't bleed that
much nice fat heal there on the scouts
brings them back to full functioning and
this is very precarious right now I
think the storm boys are staying in Play
Because Tex wants to do a jump over this
way because otherwise he risks
retreating straight through and he's
going to get hit by a grenade and
Retreat and potentially lose these guys
not to mention chainsaws in Retreat so
that is indeed what he's going to do
he's going to jump over so he's not in
the retreat path of the grenade see this
is intelligent play you know
how we had this I'm going to have a
little tangent here so bear with me we
had this debate recently about should
there have been minimum range on
grenades and of course we did get it in
the end and a lot of people were saying
well if you guys hate minimum range so
much why don't you get rid of retreat
grenades as well but you just seen the
reason why so with minimum range there's
very little counterplay other than
meticulously microing your melee unit
over and over again when they're in the
presence of Scouts when really Scouts
are a range unit and okay the shotguns
are the melee counter but they're not
meant to be a melee counter via the frag
grenades likewise Guardians of the Eldar
are not meant to be a melee counter but
without the minimum range on grenades
they were acting like
such in contrast Retreat grenades are
entirely predictable because Retreat
paths are entirely predictable you might
not realize where you're going to
retreat but it was entirely predictable
and if you had enough game play time on
that map with that unit you would know
exactly where at any given time your
units were going to retreat you know
where the enemy has their scouts or
whatever their Retreat killing unit is
so you can predict that and you can
counter it by not retreating your units
through a retreat path that is
vulnerable to Scouts and that's exactly
what Tex did with his storm boys there
and it was a beautiful example of high
level gameplay just want to point
something out though guys 500 VPS at the
moment to cry and tex only has
130 Tex is making a big mistake right
now because he's actually purchasing
tank Busters
first anticipating a likely Razer back
which would be the meta Choice against
the Space Marines and cry is tier two
although he doesn't have the resources
for that and the reason why is because
he's already
got the power ax on the way for the
Apothecary along with stimulants and a
sergeant on the ASM now this combo now
is going to be quite difficult for an
individual Squad Of Orcs to deal with
even with their
knobs oh look at that beautifully Dum
attempted to get into the retreat path
hacked down the remaining model on the
shooter boys but then the storm boys
jumped in with their knob and caused a
stun which is sufficient to let those
shooter boys get out alive but a really
lucky special attack early from the
Apothecary and that engagement is going
to end up being a pretty bad situation
actually for the stor
boys battery pack heal a little bit late
unfortunately honestly would have been
better off saving that battery pack heal
for the the Sluggers as you can see not
really getting a good engagement there
and losing their knob wow
brutal powerx for putting in some work
right
now stimulant going to really juice up
those ASM giving them damage bonuses and
damage resistance 15% Dr 30% damage
boost pretty nice
that damage boosts always helpful but
damage
resistance likewise extra good
against well extra good when you can
combine it with heals
basically cuz whatever you're healing
that amount of HP is going to go further
if the thing that you're healing has
damage resistance it essentially
multiplies the value of that HP that
you're giving
it so that's a nice little
combo not sure about the purification
files they've done things but ultimately
rights just seem seem better in the vast
majority of
cases guarantee not back and demand is
just so strong tactical Marines just
running around with two models I'm not
sure what the what the crack is here
really all right let's see how this
engagement going to go you see this is
where the purification rights would be
Godly just going to throw the vials in
Dodge the vials with the storb jump and
actually the vials H in the ASM
M oh nice teleport there with the Mech
boy heal the storm boys and then
dip not enough energy for another jumper
that would have been a dead tank Buster
you see another heal there coming on the
ASM ASM going to be engaging the stor
boys here they've got a little bit
support and fire from the attack but
this is not a great engagement yeah ooh
and Sluggers as well yikes merciless
strike going in but merciless strike
missed the storm the Slugger knob and he
is by far outputting the most damage
against the ASM was that the S sergeant
that was the sergeant falling on the ASM
as well very expensive to replace with
cry this could be a start of comeback
here nice
grenade perfectly timed huge amounts of
damage there to the storm by Squad did
claim two models burners and the suers
are going to get one of those gens but
cry is now going tier three tank Busters
as I said total waste time no razor back
in sight just a massive drain of
requisition here for man of
Faith ASM going into Retreat again going
to be taking the life of the stormboy
knob that's a really valuable jump right
there very expensive to replace and now
the ASM Marine close proximity to the
shooters with no melee to protect
them not a good situation for the
shooters those Bol pistols will
hurt enemy contact
[Music]
really feels like having more energy
regen right now would be a lot better
for the AO than the vials but we'll
see not with full cover here with the
scouts taking tremendous damage there
from the
shooters here comes the Slugger OB I do
like the knife on the slug well you
can't call it a knife can you I mean
even by Arc standards that thing is
fraking colossal
from this
skin but you can see cry does a
beautiful job here distracting with the
majority of his army but the whole time
in classic Space Marine fashion default
Scouts running around capping the map
decapping Tex's natural takes down to
less than 57 VPS right now more on the
shooters not too useful in this
matchup really one of the worst uh
matchups for Shooters to be honest I
think that's why double Sluggers started
to become so popular
it's frustrating though cuz then you
really struggle against fully upgraded
double Scouts it's it's just a tough
match
up so manages to reclaim his natural no
stor by knob on by Noob com back out
7525 yeah that is expensive to
replace it's interesting to see cry just
running around with his tax at free
models basic
fire no tier 2 upgrades for them of
course no longer able to just simply
swap out to stern guard I'm sure that
would have happened otherwise got to
call them in separately still a very
powerful Squad but he chose in this case
to rush tier three it's probably going
to get Terminators I
assume bit more requisition
needed oh Vanguard veterans
nice flying corn chaos Space Marines
essentially with even more Health very
very scary look at all this CC shotgun
blast into the purification vials damage
mitigated by a bat pack
heal here come the
Vanguard there the squad that needs to
make things work let's see what they can
do stimulants active damage resist
damage boost jumping in terminator's
called down as well to assist and we're
moving forward with the AO coming in for
a big heal secondary jump causing more
disruption but the Orcs are not taking a
lot of damage is there going to be a
call the boys I would hope so Shooters
you see Focus firing here onto the airo
very well played there's the call the
boys extra boys joining the fight and
this is a very bad situation actually
managing to kill the Vanguard veterans
in the first engagement that they were
active there remember not only do you
get a m a free reinforce of all nearby
Orcs you get a damage boost to all
nearby Orcs when you was called the boys
and presumably there was a lot of w
going on too and W is a stacking buff
that all the arc infantry can use that
increases their damage and their speed
and that is a lot of pressure right now
cry will this be the start of a comeback
well here comes the heavy flam of
Terminators they're going to have a lot
to say about it wow stom managing to
kill one of the Terminators there a
little bit lay on the heel there for cry
I think cry needs to stop meing around
with the purification valves get rid of
them and pick up the improved medical
equipment that's going to increase his
maximum energy and improve his energy
regen so he can continue throwing out
heals as fast as
possible as well as stimulant which will
be very effective on the Terminators I
was surprised actually by how much
damage the vanguards were taking and
really how little damage they were
outputting I'm not sure if they were
hopping between targets you guys will be
able to go back and watch that fight
again but I don't know the vanguards
just didn't do it did they even under
simulant of course they had no support
jumping into literally five units the me
boy bothus Shooters Sluggers and storm
boys but yeah I don't know I just
thought they didn't really seem to do
any damage maybe they did quite a lot to
one of the squads and then they just got
healed by battery pack it's probably
what happened
could have been a good option uh
opportunity to use angels of death but
is it 250 or 200 red it probably was
just saving the red for the uh the
Terminators he wouldn't have had enough
then to use angels of death plus the uh
Terminator
drop but yeah it was a fairly obvious
CER boys and a very effective one there
goes heavy flame on the floor you can
see the amount of damage that's doing
Tex is going to ignore the Terminators
whilst they're channeling that ability
and now it's
gone so now he rotates around going to
deal with the Apothecary first he is
causing a lot of energy not energy HP
Regen to the nearby Terminators and he
did use angels of death there now this
is getting a bit precarious but here
comes a looted tank this is going to be
tricky to deal with Terminator is very
good against infantry not very helpful
against a looted tank course they still
retain their power fists
but how are they going to catch a tank
they're not going to be able to
ordinarily you're going to need a snare
and he doesn't have ASM melt bombs he
doesn't have any last Cannon Devastators
so this is tricky I'm I'm actually kind
of concerned for cry I mean it's
definitely still a chance cuz he's got
Tech so low down on VPS right now only
32 for the TCH
left it's not a lot all you need to do
send a
sneaky Scout down the back lines but
this is why Tex will keep Shooters
lering around here at all times they
will counter a scout Squad quite
easily Brothers
Miss attacks are an option probably
wants to save up for a tank of his own
yep here comes the tank for cry but good
thing for Tex is that he's playing the
mech boy so he can pick up a beam def
gun on his Mech boy and help support his
looted tank he's got CAU of speed
potential to improve the speed of his
tank to get it out of any bad situations
so he can sort of bit in the enemy tank
make the enemy Predator think that he's
going to win a fight against the uh
looted tank and then call the speed away
whilst attacking with a be death gun
Loa and you can see right here even the
heavy flamer oh that was a nice play
teleports out just as the grenade was
going to explode does a lot of damage to
the sluger but yeah even the heavy flame
of Point Blank on the floor not that
effective against these Sluggers now
thanks to it being AE damage able to be
mitigated by the heal of
atist and the fact that SL L
three zombo's going again into the
Terminators I'm not sure the ter even
have their teleport right now it wasn't
long since they last use it okay saved
potentially by the shotgun blast there
but Scout's taking a tremendous amount
of damage here loot tank needs to rotate
its fire onto the Predator though
Predator will beat a looted tank 1 V one
loot tank definitely more um mod
designed to take out infantry with the
high level of burst damage that it does
but as long as you have the storm Bo
charged in with a heavy melee the
Predator needs to keep backing up and
the Predator whilst backing up will
always fire at the thing closest to it
which would be those stor boys so if you
push the Predator back with the stor
boys and then have the looted tank
follow whilst the Predator is back
pedaling that could be a very good
situation for you as a Arc player we
still have t Busters in play they've
been running around with few models than
normal because of course they've had no
purpose until this point we'll see if
they can do anything here I mean only
two models it's half
damage they should normally have but
it's something something yeah one model
now needs to get the the beamy death Gun
there's no doubt about it looks like
Scouts did manage to get in and get a
Decap but they were forced off cry is
now bleeding VPS quite
rapidly okay this is his equivalent of
the stor boys he's going to press
forward with the Terminators obviously
with their power fist they deter the
looted tank and then he uses the heavy
flamer to get some AOE damage on the
Sluggers but he Inc a lot of damage
whilst he's doing
it we are aition to the
enemy second looted tank coming out for
faith faith wa man of
Faith he's not bleeding is he he's not
bleeding at
all this is a bit of a precarious
position with the repairs coming in from
the scouts think the Predator should
slay the tank here bit bit of a mistake
really from Tech I don't know why he has
this looted tank so isolated he's
actually Focus foring the scouts which I
think is quite smart he's just trying to
go for a VP win situation right now
Terminators and Apo in the middle
getting onto the points quite effective
evade the
vial terminator's got crazy regen here
being multiplied by the Apothecary
remember apothecary's passive Aura does
multiply the regen of nearby units and
Terminators have better regen by default
anyway so when you multiply that by
three it becomes very very strong this
is part of what makes Terminator so good
constantly staying in the field but
somehow the
looted oh no the looted tank didn't make
it out no no tank bu just made it out
yeah looted Tank's dead there but
there's another one hooray and I don't
think cry anticipated that so that's not
very
good full W damage and speed boost to
everyone involved here storb jumping in
they probably want to tie up the
Terminators use the power melee Sluggers
should just run through and go into
the scouts and a rocks even thrown in
quite a poor rocks to be fair misses
every thing but it's more pressure it's
zoning St by knob just
Slay Slay Slay SL English I do speak
English as the first language you know
that I know you wouldn't think
it I think that's it I think C's
lost he's going for another Predator oh
maybe he's got time actually he's 55
VPS dare the Predator move forward and
deter the stor boys no it don't cuz he
knows there's a tank nearby oh it's
advancing wow if the tank was over here
this would be a terrible situation for
the
Predator but it's not position Lou tank
rotating over J pairs down now the
Predator's actually got quite a lot of
HP this is suddenly looking less good oh
tank busers are in play though as well
ooh o one more shot from the looted tank
n uses hold fire he's going to waste his
shots against things like the Apothecary
Terminator is getting slain by the storm
boy secondary um Predator Tank coming
out this is the danger of
having tank busers alone versus tanks
they start bleeding models and then
their damage output is tremendously
reduced but it doesn't matter there are
no VPS for
cry GG what an amazing comeback from
Tech scalibur the enemy has won this day
hope you enjoy that one folks really
nice to see some high level Arc play god
it feels like it's been a while I hope
you enjoyed that one cuz I did too if
you want more of that thing subscribe to
the channel and if you want exclusive
access to a bunch of high level casts
you know where you can find them check
out the patreon top it signing out
[Music]